SEO Audit for tribeni-minati-foundation-website.vercel.app
This report grades your website based on the strength of various SEO factors such as On Page Optimization, Off Page Links, Social and more. The overall Grade is on a A+ to F- scale, with most major, industry leading websites in the A range. Improving your grade will generally make your website perform better for users and rank better in search engines. There are recommendations for improving your website at the bottom of the report. Feel free to reach out to us if you’d like us to help with improving your website’s SEO!
Audit Results
Your page could be better
On-Page SEO
GEO
Links
Usability
Performance
Report Generated: 30 August 12:17AM UTC
Improve Your Site With Our DIY SEO Tool
Review unlimited pages. Crawl your whole site for problems and get clear, easy to follow recommendations with guides for your CMS. Monitor your keyword rankings and get regular updates on your site's performance.
Helping Business Owners promote their websites the affordable way.
Recommendations
Execute a Link Building Strategy
Links
High Priority
Reduce your total Page File Size
Performance
Medium Priority
Reduce length of Title Tag
On-Page SEO
Medium Priority
Use your main keywords across the important HTML Tags
On-Page SEO
Medium Priority
Reduce Rendered Content
GEO
Low Priority
Optimize for Mobile PageSpeed Insights
Usability
Low Priority
Optimize for Desktop PageSpeed Insights
Usability
Low Priority
Create and link your X Profile
Other
Low Priority
Create and link an associated YouTube Channel
Other
Low Priority
Create and link an associated LinkedIn Profile
Other
Low Priority
Add a DMARC Mail Record
Other
Low Priority
Add an SPF Mail Record
Other
Low Priority
Reduce length of Meta Description
On-Page SEO
Low Priority
Implement an Analytics Tracking Tool
On-Page SEO
Low Priority
Add Business Address and Phone Number to site
Other
Low Priority
Add Local Business Schema
Other
Low Priority
Install a Facebook Pixel
Other
Low Priority
On-Page SEO Results
Your On-Page SEO is good
Your page is mostly optimized for On-Page SEO performance. On-Page SEO is important to ensure Search Engines can understand your content appropriately and help it rank for relevant keywords. You can continue to improve your page by ensuring HTML Tag Content is completed correctly and text content is well aligned with chosen keywords.
Title Tag
You have a Title Tag, but ideally it should be shortened to between 50 and 60 characters (including spaces).
Tribeni Minati Foundation | Minati NGO Tribeni | Official Non-Profit Portal
Length : 75
Title Tags are very important for search engines to correctly understand and categorize your content.
Meta Description Tag
Your page has a Meta Description Tag however, your Meta Description should ideally be between 120 and 160 characters (including spaces).
Tribeni Minati Foundation (ত্রিবেনী মিনতি ফাউন্ডেশন) — Registered NGO (Reg: SO212276, NITI Aayog DARPAN: WB/2026/0939703, Est. 2013). Devoted to Minorities, Illiterate, Needy, Abused, Tribal, and Indians (M-I-N-A-T-I) in Tribeni, Hooghly, West Bengal. 100% Tax Exemption (80G) available.
Length : 287
A Meta Description is important for search engines to understand the content of your page, and is often shown as the description text blurb in search results.
SERP Snippet Preview
This illustrates how your page may appear in Search Results. Note, this is intended as a guide and Search Engines are more frequently generating this content dynamically.
Tribeni Minati Foundationhttps://tribeni-minati-foundation-website.vercel.a...
Tribeni Minati Foundation
Tribeni Minati Foundation (ত্রিবেনী মিনতি ফাউন্ডেশন) — Registered NGO (Reg: SO212276, NITI Aayog DARPAN: WB/2026/0939703, Est. 2013). Devoted to ...
Hreflang Usage
Your page is making use of Hreflang attributes.
Language
Your page is using the Lang Attribute.
Declared: English
H1 Header Tag Usage
Your page has a H1 Tag.
H2-H6 Header Tag Usage
Your page is making use multiple levels of Header Tags.
Header Tag
Frequency
H2
8
H3
15
H4
2
H5
3
H6
0
Keyword Consistency
Your page's main keywords are not distributed well across the important HTML Tags.
Your page content should be focused around particular keywords you would like to rank for. Ideally these keywords should also be distributed across tags such as the title, meta and header tags.
Individual Keywords
Keyword
Title
Meta Description Tag
Headings Tags
Page Frequency
minati
29
tax
29
free
25
80g
24
verified
23
tribeni
22
foundation
21
rural
19
Phrases
Phrase
Title
Meta Description Tag
Headings Tags
Page Frequency
minati foundation
20
tribeni minati
17
tribeni minati foundation
16
80g tax
12
niti aayog
11
central bank
11
west bengal
11
income tax
10
Amount of Content
Your page has a good level of textual content, which will assist in it's ranking potential.
Word Count: 2494
Image Alt Attributes
You do not have any images missing Alt Attributes on your page.
Canonical Tag
Your page is using the Canonical Tag.
https://tribeni-minati-foundation-website.vercel.app/
Noindex Tag Test
Your page is not using the Noindex Tag which prevents indexing.
Noindex Header Test
Your page is not using the Noindex Header which prevents indexing.
SSL Enabled
Your website has SSL enabled.
HTTPS Redirect
Your page successfully redirects to a HTTPS (SSL secure) version.
Robots.txt
Your website appears to have a robots.txt file.
http://tribeni-minati-foundation-website.vercel.app/robots.txt
Search Engines Blocked by Robots.txt
Your page is crawlable by the major search engines.
No major search engines are blocked in your robots.txt.
XML Sitemaps
Your website appears to have an XML Sitemap.
https://tribeni-minati-foundation-website.vercel.app/sitemap.xml
Analytics
We could not detect an analytics tool installed on your page.
Website analytics tools like Google Analytics assist you in measuring, analyzing and ultimately improving traffic to your page.
Schema.org Structured Data
You are using JSON-LD Schema on your page.
Generative Engine Optimization (GEO)
Your Generative Engine Optimization could be better
Your page has some level positioning for Generative Engine Optimization (GEO). GEO is important to ensure LLMs and AI Search Engines can effectively crawl your content and understand the underlying entity structure. Consider additional enhancements to improve visibility in LLMs as this is becoming a rapidly growing traffic source.
Rendered Content (LLM Readability)
Your page has a high level of rendering (changes to the HTML).
Rendering Percentage: 1642%
Dynamically rendering a lot of page content risks some important information being missed by LLMs that generally do not read this content.
Llms.txt
Your website appears to have a llms.txt file.
Llms.txt is a proposed standard for websites to guide large language models (LLMs) to better understand your site's content.
http://tribeni-minati-foundation-website.vercel.app/llms.txt
AI Crawlers Blocked by Robots.txt
New
Your robots.txt allows the major AI crawlers to access your site.
No major AI crawlers are blocked in your robots.txt.
Identity Schema
New
Organization or Person Schema identified on the page.
NGO
Person
LLM Content Analysis
Our AI-powered GEO Content Analysis reviews how well your page is positioned for AI Search Engines and LLMs. Sign up to one of our premium plans to unlock the full analysis.
Rankings
Top Organic Keyword Rankings
You can see the live Keyword Rankings for your page within the report by signing up to one of our premium plans.
Links
Backlink Summary
You have a reasonably weak level of backlink activity to this page.
Search Engines use backlinks as a strong indicator of a page's authority, relevance and ranking potential. There are various strategies available to gain links to a page to improve this factor
DomainStrength
PageStrength
0
Total Backlinks
0
Referring Domains
0
Nofollow Backlinks
0
Dofollow Backlinks
0
Edu Backlinks
0
Gov Backlinks
0
IPs
0
Subnets
Top Backlinks
We haven't found any backlinks to report for this site.
Top Pages by Backlinks
We haven't found any Top Pages data for this site.
Top Anchors by Backlinks
We haven't found any Anchor Text data for this site.
Top Referring Domain Geographies
We haven't found any Geographic Data for this site.
On-Page Link Structure
We found 2 total links. 100% of your links are external links and are sending authority to other sites. % of your links are nofollow links, meaning authority is not being passed to those destination pages.
On-Page Links
2Total
Internal Links
0
External Links: Follow
2
External Links: Nofollow
0
Friendly Links
Your link URLs appear friendly (easily human or search engine readable).
Create White Label PDFs
Upload your own logo and company's contact details. Generate unlimited PDFs under our White Label plans. See an example PDF Report
Embed the Audit Tool into your website. Get notified of leads straight from your website.
Usability
Your usability could be better
Your page is OK but could be more usable across devices. Usability is important to maximize your available audience and minimize user bounce rates (which can indirectly affect your search engine rankings).
Device Rendering
This check visually demonstrates how your page renders on different devices. It is important that your page is optimized for mobile and tablet experiences as today the majority of web traffic comes from these sources.
Google's Core Web Vitals
Google is indicating that they do not have 'sufficient real-world speed data for this page' in order to make a Core Web Vitals assessment. This can occur for smaller websites or those that are not crawl-able by Google.
Use of Mobile Viewports
Your page specifies a Viewport matching the device's size, allowing it to render appropriately across devices.
Google's PageSpeed Insights - Mobile
Google is indicating that your page is scoring poorly on their Mobile PageSpeed Insights evaluation.Note that this evaluation is being performed from US servers and the results may differ slightly from an evaluation carried out from Google's PageSpeed Web Interface as that reporting localizes to the region in which you are running the report.
Google has indicated that the performance of a webpage is becoming more important from a user and subsequently ranking perspective.
Lab Data
Value
First Contentful Paint
6.5 s
Speed Index
6.6 s
Largest Contentful Paint
35.3 s
Time to Interactive
36 s
Total Blocking Time
0.02 s
Cumulative Layout Shift
0
Opportunities
Estimated Savings
Reduce unused JavaScript
1.97 s
Avoid multiple page redirects
0.63 s
Reduce unused CSS
0.15 s
Google's PageSpeed Insights - Desktop
Google is indicating that your page is scoring poorly on their Desktop PageSpeed Insights evaluation.
Google has indicated that the performance of a webpage is becoming more important from a user and subsequently ranking perspective.
Lab Data
Value
First Contentful Paint
1.1 s
Speed Index
1.5 s
Largest Contentful Paint
5.3 s
Time to Interactive
5.4 s
Total Blocking Time
0.13 s
Cumulative Layout Shift
0
Opportunities
Estimated Savings
Reduce unused JavaScript
0.2 s
Avoid multiple page redirects
0.19 s
Flash Used?
No Flash content has been identified on your page.
iFrames Used?
There are no iFrames detected on your page.
Favicon
Your page has specified a Favicon.
Email Privacy
No email addresses have been found in plain text on your page.
Legible Font Sizes
The text on your page appears to be legible across devices.
Tap Target Sizing
The links and buttons on your page appear to be appropriately sized for a user to easily tap on a touchscreen.
Performance Results
Your performance could be better
Your page's performance has some issues and room for improvement. Performance is important to ensure a good user experience, and reduced bounce rates (which can also indirectly affect your search engine rankings). We recommend addressing the highlighted factors below.
Website Load Speed
Your page loads in a reasonable amount of time.
Server Response
0.025s
All Page Content Loaded
1.4s
All Page Scripts Complete
1.5s
Website Download Size
Your page's file size is quite large which, regardless of other optimizations, can reduce load speed and impact user experience.
A general rule is to keep your page under 5MB in total file size.
Download Page Size
9.35MB
Download Page Size Breakdown
9.35MBTotal
HTML
0MB
CSS
0.02MB
JS
0.47MB
Images
8.67MB
Other
0.19MB
Compression Usage (Gzip, Deflate, Brotli)
Your website appears to be using a reasonable level of compression.
Compression Rate
11%
Compression Rates
HTML
68% compressed of 0.01MB
CSS
87% compressed of 0.13MB
JS
68% compressed of 1.47MB
Images
0% compressed of 8.67MB
Other
0% compressed of 0.19MB
Total
11% compressed of 10.48MB
Resources Breakdown
This check displays the total number of files that need to be retrieved from web servers to load your page.
33
Total Objects
1
Number of HTML Pages
5
Number of JS Resources
2
Number of CSS Resources
15
Number of Images
10
Other Resources
Google Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP)
This page does not appear to have AMP Enabled.
JavaScript Errors
Your page is not reporting any JavaScript errors.
HTTP2 Usage
Your website is using the recommended HTTP/2+ Protocol.
Optimize Images
All of the images on your page appear to be optimized.
Minification
All your JavaScript and CSS files appear to be minified.
Deprecated HTML
No deprecated HTML tags have been found within your page.
Inline Styles
No Inline Styles have been found within your page's HTML tags.
Social Results
Facebook Page Linked
Your page has a link to a Facebook Page.
https://facebook.com/tribeniminatifoundation
Facebook Open Graph Tags
Your page is using Facebook Open Graph Tags.
Facebook Pixel
We have not detected a Facebook Pixel on your page.
Facebook's Pixel is a useful piece of analytics code that allows you to retarget visitors if you decide to run Facebook Ads in future.
X (formerly Twitter) Account Linked
No associated X Profile found as a link on your page.
X Cards
Your page is using X Cards.
Instagram Linked
Your page has a link to an Instagram Profile.
https://instagram.com/MINATIFOUNDATION
LinkedIn Page Linked
No associated LinkedIn Profile found linked on your page.
YouTube Channel Linked
No associated YouTube Channel found linked on your page.
YouTube Channel Activity
No associated YouTube Channel found linked on your page.
Want to grow your YouTube Channel? Try our  YouTube SEO Tool
Local SEO
Address & Phone Shown on Website
We can't identify one or both of these components on the page. Missing: Address
Phone
+91 98322 74345
Local Business Schema
No Local Business Schema identified on the page.
Google Business Profile Identified
You can see information about your page's Google Business Profile within this report by signing up to one of our premium plans.
Want to improve your Local Search Presence? Try our  Local SEO Tool
Technology Results
Technology List
These software or coding libraries have been identified on your page.
Technology
Version
HSTS
Razorpay
Vercel
Vercel Analytics
Server IP Address
216.198.79.195
DNS Servers
ns-tld5.charlestonroadregistry.comns-tld4.charlestonroadregistry.comns-tld3.charlestonroadregistry.comns-tld1.charlestonroadregistry.comns-tld2.charlestonroadregistry.com
Web Server
Vercel
Charset
text/html; charset=utf-8
DMARC Record
This site does not appear to have a DMARC record in place.
DMARC records are important to improve email deliverability and combat spoofing.
SPF Record
This site does not appear to have an SPF record.
SPF records are important to improve email deliverability and combat spoofing.
Review Child Pages
No Sub-Pages Found